docs: cloudfront caching guide (#2711)
plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa: docs/guide/themes/cloudfront-caching.md

# CloudFront Caching

## Requirements

- @plentymarkets/shop-core version 1.27.1 or higher
- @plentymarkets/shop-api version 0.173.0 or higher

> - @plentymarkets/plentyshop version 2.32.0 or higher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- @plentymarkets/shop-core version 1.27.1 or higher
- @plentymarkets/shop-api version 0.173.0 or higher
```
I don't think it's useful to list the plentyshop-pwa version here because themes don't have this repo as a dependency.

> ## Migration guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enable caching defaults
```

If you are using a custom theme (Git integration), make sure you implement [these changes](https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/pull/2362/changes) to be compatible with the new CloudFront caching feature.

> Breaking changes are in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Required changes are in:
```

The changes aren't actually breaking, are they? It's more that you need these changes in combination.

- [apps/web/app/composables/useInitialSetup/useInitialSetup.ts](https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/pull/2362/changes#diff-aaf5cd43bdc2bd5a97f53945f093a9bb631ac42c332cfe5568d3be2968691f4e)
- [apps/web/app/composables/useInitialSetup/types.ts](https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/pull/2362/changes#diff-da352a4601293ac8f596ec5e8e270f220000061b31c898dda86dabbf67d80167)
- [apps/web/app/plugins/00.init-initial-data.client.ts](https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/pull/2362/changes#diff-7096d397657599ed4d91b2dad701fca0bd10965a215d83bc7d8d4966f346f23d)
- [apps/web/app/plugins/00.init-initial-data.server.ts](https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/pull/2362/changes#diff-8e6c3c95d79db1cc67531c93278c92023d638b9a47224cf3a77db196e586c585)
- [apps/web/app/plugins/04.generate-color-palette.server.ts](https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/pull/2362/changes#diff-b1c89d6dd86b3dc94bc05965aa5033cdc6920fd097118a5abca0ea170665f254)

> ## Introduction

Reviewer: **todo**: Move the introduction to the start of the page.

Author: done

With our [latest release](https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/releases/tag/v2.32.0), we introduced support for CloudFront full-site caching. This means that you can now cache specific pages of your shop. By default, the following pages are cached:

- Home page
- Category pages
- Product pages

::: warning
With the introduction of CloudFront caching, it is crucial to never load user-specific data (e.g., cart information, user account details) directly on the server side. Doing so can lead to caching of sensitive information, which may be exposed to other users. Always ensure that user-specific data is loaded on the client side after the page has been rendered to maintain security and privacy. Use hooks like `onNuxtReady` or `onMounted` (or guard execution with `if (import.meta.client)`) to load user-specific data on the client side.
:::

> ## How to enable CloudFront caching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enable caching for a custom page
```

To enable CloudFront caching for a specific page, we need to set the Cache-Control response header for the document.

> We automated this process with an auto-imported helper function `getCacheControl` that can be added to the page metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable CloudFront caching for a specific page, set the Cache-Control response header for the document.
To set the header, add the auto-imported helper function `getCacheControl` to the page metadata.
```

```vue
// index.vue
<template>
  <div>
    <!-- page content -->
  </div>
</template>
<script setup lang="ts">
definePageMeta({
  cacheControl: getCacheControl(),
});
</script>
```

> This will add the following `Cache-Control` header to the document response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This adds the following `Cache-Control` header to the document response:
```

`cache-control: public, max-age=30, stale-while-revalidate=900`

This means that the page will be cached for 30 seconds and can be served stale for up to 15 minutes while it is being revalidated in the background.

> Note: these values are currently controlled by us and will be adjusted in the future. If you want to have more control over the cache control header, you can also pass your own values to the `getCacheControl` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure timings (optional)

If you want to have more control over the cache control header, you can also pass your own values to the `getCacheControl` function.

<add-code-example>
```

## How do I know if a page is cached?

> Inside the browser DevTools, you can check the Network tab and filter for the document request. If the page is cached, you will see this header `x-cache: Hit from cloudfront` and `cache-control: public, max-age=30, stale-while-revalidate=900`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Verify the results

Inside the browser DevTools, check the Network tab and filter for the document request.

- If the page is cached, you will see the header `x-cache: Hit from cloudfront` and `cache-control: public, max-age=30, stale-while-revalidate=900`.
- If the page is not cached, you will see the header `x-cache: Miss from cloudfront`
```
